". 8+ years' experience in an analytical role (digital customer analytics, web analytics, consulting)
. Deep understanding of digital channels technologies (web and mobile) and the customers experience while using them
. Expert ability with Adobe, Tealeaf, Clicktale, SQL, Python, or other customer experience management tool
. Excellent analytical skills including problem solving, attention to detail and clear communication of complex results
. Proven ability to work with the processes and technologies of large datasets
. Management Experience: High level people skills (successfully managed a team of analysts) and communication skills (successfully influenced across all levels/functions)
. Deliver insights using creativity, pragmatism and out of the box thinking
. An independent thinker, confident to serve as the voice of the customers
. Proactive approach with hands on / can-do mindset
. Ability to thrive in a global start up work environment

he problems we solve everyday are real and require creativity, grit, and determination. We are building a culture that challenges norms while fostering experimentation and personal growth We're hiring team members who are passionate and are energized by the vision to simplify and transform one of the largest and most complex industries through technology, data and a strong commitment to customers.

As our Director, Data Science you will lead a team of talented Data Scientists and Analysts to build and evolve the core engine of Transfix's marketplace. Using traditional and non-traditional techniques, you will lead the creation of pricing models, market forecasts, auction bidding strategies, and carrier matching algorithms. You will work with a varied set of teams across the organization to drive our company's most important business goals.

If you're excited about transforming an industry, being part of an innovative culture, and making a positive impact on the environment, send us your resume.


4+ years' experience managing quantitative teams and 3+ years of prior experience working as a data scientist or analyst.
. 4+ years of experience directly managing high performing teams.
. Deep quantitative skills and experience with applied analytics. Strong understanding of statistical analysis, including experimental design, and experience with packages, such as R, MATLAB, SPSS, SAS, Stata, etc.
. Strong technical skills and experience working with large and complex data sets.
. Ability to translate business needs to analytic requirements and take the results of complex analyses and communicate them to a broad audience.
. Operate independently in a fast-paced environment
. Experience in either the consumer internet space or healthcare industry.
. Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, or related quantitative field. Advanced degree preferred.


Bachelors Degree plus 8 years of experience in data analytics, or Masters Degree plus 6 years of experience in data analytics, or PhD plus 4 years of experience in data analytics
. At least 3 years coding experience with open source programming languages such as Python, R or Scala
. At least 3 years experience developing commercial data science solutions leveraging one or more of the following: operations research, natural language processing, machine learning, deep learning, video/image analysis, or time-series analysis.

-At least 2 years experience managing high-functioning data science/data engineering teams

Preferred Qualifications:
. Masters Degree or Ph.D. in a STEM Major (Science, Technology, Engineering, or Math)
. At least 1 year experience working with AWS, Azure, or similar cloud platform
. At least 5 years experience developing commercial solutions in Python, Scala, or R
. At least 5 years experience developing commercial data science solutions leveraging one or more of the following: operations research, natural language processing, machine learning, deep learning, video/image analysis, or time-series analysis.
. At least 3 years of experience mentoring junior data scientists and providing technical governance and oversight

You will have 2 to 5 years relevant applied experience with a degree or higher in economics, psychology, computer science, statistics, or mathematics or another quantitative discipline
. Technical competence to perform advanced analytics:
. Coding skills (such as R, Python, or Scala)
. Experience with analytics & visualization tools (SQL, Tableau, ggplot/matplotlib or equivalent)
. Experience performing analysis with large datasets
. You have strong statistical understanding of online testing methodologies and metric development
. You are an independent thinker, able to work autonomously, capable of taking on loosely defined problems and translating complex thinking into practical application for diverse audiences
. You are a communicative person who values building strong relationships with colleagues and partners and enjoys mentoring and teaching others

5 or more years of experience in a research software role, either as an engineer or a data scientist
. Experience working in a data science team with a strong engineering culture
. A deep love of python and of interfaces& boundaries
. Experience developing, maintaining, and deploying python services and packages
. Experience working with containerized services
. Preferred: experience with Docker and Kubernetes
. Preferred: experience working with cloud service providers such as AWS, GCP, or Azure
. Preferred: experience building robust data pipelines
. Preferred: experience supporting business intelligence
. Bachelor's degree in a quantitative or logic-driven field


To all recruitment agencies: Transfix does not accept unsolicited agency resumes and will not be held responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes
MS, or PhD in Computer Science, Engineering or related field
. 5+ years experience with Python, Scala, or Java and distributed frameworks (Hadoop, Spark, etc.)
. 3+ years Experience in leadership of other Data Scientists / Engineers
. Strong communication skills, to both technical and non-technical audiences
. Demonstrable successes in delivering data-driven products, including being involved in all aspects of the product development life cycle.
. Ability to work beyond familiar algorithms - to get out of one's comfort zone and earnestly seek to integrate the best solutions to business challenges
. Sincere interest in working at a startup and scaling with the company as we grow
. Proven ability to context switch between in the weeds work and higher level alignment of a team.
Advanced Degree (PhD preferred) in a data heavy research discipline with substantial quantitative analysis and 3+ years of industry experience as a data scientist
. Experience managing and mentoring data science or analytics teams.
. A proven track record of leading projects from start to finish and delivering business value
. Exceptional communication and collaborative abilities
. Strategic thinker with strong analytical and problem-solving skills
. Solid grasp of statistics and machine learning techniques and strong programming skills in Python or another scientific programming language
Lead data science projects that will use advanced data modeling and analysis techniques to discover insights that will guide strategic decisions and uncover optimization opportunities

. Define and communicate project processes for the Data Sciences team

. Track progress and manage longer roadmap expectations and communications

. Develop detailed project plans to track progress against key milestones

. Provide early signals when projects are at risk of missing dates, going out of scope or budget; escalate issues and mobilize key decision makers

. Coordinate internal resources and external vendors for the overall execution of projects; escalate resource constraint issues

. Measure project performance using appropriate systems, tools and techniques.

. Create and maintain comprehensive project documentation, charts, and dashboards

. Participate in requirement writing and ticket preparation in conjunction with the product manager

. Assist with managing and optimizing processes for data intake, validation, mining and engineering as well as modeling, visualization and communication deliverables

. Examine, interpret and report results of analytical initiatives to stakeholders in leadership, technology, other functional teams

. Work with the QA manager and data science QA analyst to develop and implement a quality control plan to ensure the highest quality deliverables

Basic Qualifications

. College degree preferred

. At least 3 years of experience delivering results on complex, technical products or services

. At least 3 years of experience as a technical: project manager, program manager, product manager

. Work experience with at least one of the following: machine learning, RESTful APIs, microservices, large-scale online recommendation, personalization, or distributed systems

. Ability to quickly learn and apply new skills required to excel in the role

. Strong problem solving, quantitative and analytical abilities

. Strong ability to plan and manage numerous processes, people and projects simultaneously

. Excellent communication, collaboration and delegation skills

Preferred Qualifications

. Five or more years of experience in software development and full product life-cycles

. Demonstrated analytical and quantitative skills, ability to use hard data and metrics to back up assumptions

. Knowledge of data structures, algorithms, and designing for performance, scalability, and availability

. Experience with Data Visualization tools like Tableau, Power BI or Qlik

. SQL skills, ability to perform effective querying involving multiple tables and subqueries

. Experience working in local media

. Experience in Cloud platforms like GCP, AWS etc.

. Experience working with globally distributed teams
You will be expected to bring your machine learning, NLP, NLG, statistical analysis, programming and scripting capabilities, combined with exceptional communication skills. The role will advance our data science and business intelligence capabilities, broaden exposure to analytical toolkits and alternative data assets within the S&P Global Ratings organization and be an active contributor to the S&P Global data scientist community.

Hands-on Leadership Capabilities
. Drive, collaborate and align with internal stakeholders and our clients to ideate and build solutions in the next generation analytics space.
. Lead a bold agenda around the use of our data assets, both in the traditional and alternative data domains, in new creative ways.
. Promote and teach the use of big data and machine learning tools.
. Engage with various technology and data teams to design the optimal data architecture for a new scale platform and infrastructure to support data and advanced analytics.

Building a Strong Data Science Team
. Build, manage, inspire, and coach a high impact data science team to develop quantitative models (predictive, sentiment etc.) using NLP, NLG, machine learning, or data mining techniques to create business value.
. Build a culture of innovation and focus the team to be product-driven

Executing On Our Priorities
. Drive value to the broader business. Develop and communicate goals, strategies, tactics, project plans, timelines, and key performance metrics to align with multiple internal stakeholder departments
. Utilize your knowledge of advanced technologies to develop commercially viable product ideas, to maximize growth, customer value, and internal value for our analysts.
. Deliver data science solutions, including managing and prioritizing data science and business intelligence requests and turning them into clearly defined projects for the team, with well-defined parameters and deliverables.
. Build strong and effective relationships with key stakeholders, and serve as strategic advisor to multiple functional areas across the organization. Builds rapport with senior leaders to achieve departmental objectives.

Experience & Qualifications
. Strong leader of people and change agent to guide transformation from a data and content organization to a high performing, customer-focused content organization functioning as one team.
. Act as member of the Data and Content Organization Leadership team, working closely with stakeholders across Ratings and the divisions, integrating Ratings into the S&P Global Data strategy, including use of best practices, capabilities and global frameworks
. Place people and culture first in all that we do, using Lean Leadership and Management tools, build an empowered culture and inspiring workplace evidenced through employee engagement surveys and talent-led SMART goal setting
. Lead, mentor, and develop a high performing team of content leaders, with a shared growth mindset, covering all content areas across the company that can deliver content to customers (internal & external) effectively across the end-to-end pipeline
. Master's degree in a quantitative discipline, finance or equivalent experience preferred.
. Detailed knowledge (10+ years) in multiple data domains - familiarity with, and knowledge of financial data assets, as well as application of alternative data assets (such as geo-spatial data, social media, sensor signals, etc.) in advanced analytics.
. Expert theoretical knowledge of machine learning modeling techniques and advanced applied skills in developing predictive targeting models within distributed computing platforms such as Hadoop, AWS, Azure, GCP using tools like Spark, Scala, SAS, R, Python, Bayesia, H2O, Storm, Yarn, Kafka,
. Worked with analytics and visualization tools such as Alteryx, SPSS, Qlik, Tableau, Microstrategy etc. Must be well versed in languages such as SQL, Python, R.
. Proven track record evaluating ideas and developing tests/prototypes to prove out which are most likely to succeed.
. Prior experience developing and managing products, with proven track record for owing the end-to-end "business development life cycle" for products, taking them successfully from concept to launch and continuous improvement
. Strong understanding of machine learning, statistical and probability analysis, predictive modeling and hypothesis testing.
. Thought leader of data science. Must be skilled at representing S&P Global Ratings in external forums (conferences, industry meetings) as well as at promoting advanced analytics to internal constituents across the enterprise. Must possess cross-cultural sensitivity and be able to work in an international team including managing offshore and outsource resources.
. Ability to translate strategic imperatives at the macro level into specific initiatives and priorities for operational creation and execution.
. Must have good operational skills as well as strategic understanding of business and product requirements.
. Knowledge of financial engineering and quantitative modeling operations, preparation of budgetary plans, operational plans, forecasting activities.
. Thorough knowledge of technology systems; has the ability to work with development teams to ensure on-time, on-budget delivery of effective database technology.
. A thorough understanding of applied statistics including sampling approaches, time series analysis and data mining techniques
. Continuously monitor and keep abreast of tools, methodologies, data, and competitive movement and respond with strategies and tactics to maintain or alter strategy.

Grade: 14 (internal purpose only)

To all recruitment agencies: S&P Global does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward such resumes to any S&P Global employee, office location or website. S&P Global will not be responsible for any fees related to such resumes.

S&P Global is an equal opportunity employer committed to making all employment decisions without regard to race/ethnicity, gender, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, marital status (including domestic partnerships and civil unions), sexual orientation, military veteran status, unemployment status, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state or local law. Only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment.

If you need an accommodation during the application process due to a disability, please send an email to: EEO.Compliance@spglobal.com and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate person.

The EEO is the Law Poster http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdfdescribes discrimination protections under federal law
. Two to three year's work experience as a data engineer or in a role with responsibilities including:
. Design, implementation, and maintenance/management of cloud-based analytics environment in AWS
. Implementation and management of SQL databases
. Implementation and management of data pipelines for ETL and report generation
. Implementation and management of AWS-hosted dashboards
. Scripting in Python
. BS or Masters degree in computer science or related field
. Experience working with medical data (DICOM images, free-text medical reports, knowledge about data security requirements / HIPAA) is a plus
. Bachelor's Degree
. Must be able to demonstrate data interpretation capabilities
. Excellent presentation and report writing skills
. Strong analytical skills and ability to relate results to client business objectives
. Strong computer skills (Excel, Access PowerPoint)
. Knowledge of working with large relational datasets helpful
. Entrepreneurial attitude
. Thrives in a fast paced, constantly changing environment; can adapt plans due to changes in client objectives, priorities or budgets while minimizing impact on project momentum
. You will have at least 5 years experience in applied research, statistical modeling and ML with a degree or higher (MS/PhD) in statistics, mathematics, econometrics, or similar field
. Significant breadth and depth of statistics/ML knowledge
. High level of ability in R or Python
. Competence with SQL and experience performing analysis on large datasets
. Experience working and creating data/feature pipelines is a plus
. You are capable of taking on loosely defined business problems and translating complex thinking into practical application for diverse audiences
. You are a communicative person who values building strong relationships with colleagues and partners and enjoys mentoring and teaching others

Responsible for generating customer insights, customer reporting and predictive analytics in support of best-in-class marketing and retail strategies /programs. Responsible for managing and executing on analytics/reporting projects, s/he will report into the Manager, Global Customer Analytics and partner with Global Marketing & IT teams in fulfilling responsibilities.
. Define, manage and execute projects under guidance of CRM/Analytics leadership
. Have ownership on a project by project basis for advanced analytics, customer reporting and predictive modeling for implementing world class analytics/reporting to support business priorities.
. To improve decision making for key stakeholders , p erform analytics to monitor customer -focused business trends , and analyze marketing programs and research initiatives .
. Develop data science models to drive marketing and business tactics (e.g. personalization) in support of customer retention and acquisition tactics.
. Work in a cross-functional environment to define objectives, gather support and communicate analytics results effectively for senior management.
. Share analytical insights and play role of analytics expert in multiple settings.
. 4-5+ years of experience in analytics, management consulting and data science/predictive modeling roles
. Bachelor's Degree needed, Masters in a quantitative discipline (Statistics, Data Science, Math, Econometrics) preferred.
. Demonstrated skills in selecting the right statistical/data science tools given a data analysis proble
. Experience in SAS & Tableau required. Experience in R, SQL and other analytics tools (e.g. Python, Alteryx, RapidMiner).
. Understanding of production-grad e data science environments and AWS. Knowledge of data science project lifecycle.
. Proficient in MS Excel and PowerPoint.
. Logical and creative thinker; comfortable with ambiguity and solving complex business problems.
. Passionate about retail and applying analytics to solve business problems and generating insights.
. Hands-on, "get-it-done", results-driven mentality.
. Strong project management and communication skills.
. Experience working with cross-functional teams

Responsible for generating customer insights, customer reporting and predictive analytics in support of best-in-class marketing and retail strategies /programs. Responsible for managing and executing on analytics/reporting projects, s/he will report into the Manager, Global Customer Analytics and partner with Global Marketing & IT teams in fulfilling responsibilities.
. Define, manage and execute projects under guidance of CRM/Analytics leadership
. Have ownership on a project by project basis for advanced analytics, customer reporting and predictive modeling for implementing world class analytics/reporting to support business priorities.
. To improve decision making for key stakeholders , p erform analytics to monitor customer -focused business trends , and analyze marketing programs and research initiatives .
. Develop data science models to drive marketing and business tactics (e.g. personalization) in support of customer retention and acquisition tactics.
. Work in a cross-functional environment to define objectives, gather support and communicate analytics results effectively for senior management.
. Share analytical insights and play role of analytics expert in multiple settings.
. 4-5+ years of experience in analytics, management consulting and data science/predictive modeling roles
. Bachelor's Degree needed, Masters in a quantitative discipline (Statistics, Data Science, Math, Econometrics) preferred.
. Demonstrated skills in selecting the right statistical/data science tools given a data analysis proble
. Experience in SAS & Tableau required. Experience in R, SQL and other analytics tools (e.g. Python, Alteryx, RapidMiner).
. Understanding of production-grad e data science environments and AWS. Knowledge of data science project lifecycle.
. Proficient in MS Excel and PowerPoint.
. Logical and creative thinker; comfortable with ambiguity and solving complex business problems.
. Passionate about retail and applying analytics to solve business problems and generating insights.
. Hands-on, "get-it-done", results-driven mentality.
. Strong project management and communication skills.
. Experience working with cross-functional teams

 Train in-person or online boot camp students, the next generation of data scientists, on a wide range of topics ranging from statistics, probability, SQL, R/python coding, data analysis, machine learning, deep learning, and big data, etc. Topics in Big Data to include:
. Hadoop and MapReduce, HDFS, Hive
. Apache Hive
. Spark
. Spark SQL
. Spark Machine Learning
. Docker
. Develop, evaluate, and maintain cutting-edge technical content for training experiences relevant to audiences with a diverse set of educational backgrounds and industry experience.
. Tailoring teaching content for both corporate and client training.
. Guide and mentor our students inside and outside of the classroom for their industry-ready projects. Help to orient our students' learning toward the target industries.
. Lead by example as a data scientist, to be an excellent role model for our industry-ready students.
. Cooperate with marketing/admission teams by participating in the student enrollment/admission procedure and by developing relevant content for them.
. Participate in periodic training workshops to sharpen the relevant skill-sets.

About You
. Minimum of a Master's Degree in a Quantitative Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics-related field; Computer Science and Statistics preferred.
. Proficiency in statistical computing/machine learning and/or programming in R and/or Python.
. Experience/extensive knowledge in R or Python data analysis.
. Teaching experience in undergraduate or graduate level coursework in STEM required.
. Demonstrated experience/knowledge of Statistics and Machine Learning from both theoretical and applied perspectives.
. Experience in developing a curriculum or providing training in a client-facing endeavor.
. A good sense of the relevance of academic data science to industrial applications.
. Forward thinking with a strong growth mentality, i.e. constantly strengthening yourself on all fronts relevant to the growth of our school.
. Passionate about teaching and helping your students succeed in their careers.
. A team player who can multitask if necessary and can step up to new challenges in a growing company.

The successful Candidate will likely have the following skills and experience:

 ONLY CONSIDERING PhD degrees: in Mathematics, Econometric, Physics, Statistics, or Computer Science, OR RELATED

 Applied Machine Learning experience on LARGE data sets, with commercial experience in building predictive models

 Prior experience with advanced Mathematics and statistical modelling, and applying it to data mining methods (GLM/Regression, Trees, Clustering, SVM, Time Series analysis etc.)

 FLUENT in Python (most libraries REQUIRED) and/or R, as well as SQL programming, and DEEP LEARNING LIBRARIES AS WELL

 Skilled in data warehousing, cleaning/transforming data for future engineering, and leveraging visualization tools

 You are highly team-oriented, focusing on COLLABORATION and COMPETITION
. **NO SPONSORSHIP IS AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME***

THE BENEFITS

A competitive base salary of $ 250,000 - $300,000 + Bonus +Flex PTO + Full benefits + Possible Stock Purchase Options..
.

KEYWORDS

Machine Learning| Python| Tableau| Data Science| Statistics | Trading/FX | Capital Markets

. BS degree in a quantitative field (Masters and/or PhD welcome) and 10+years of professional experience in a data driven role working with massive data sets in the technology driven company, 2+ years in a leadership position
. You have a deep understanding of statistical machine learning and optimization techniques as well as the ability to derive actionable insights from massive data sets
. You're experienced inworking with big data technologies such as Hadoop, Hive, Spark, AWS and be able to write efficient SQL
. You have experience in multiple programming languages (Python, R, Java, Scala, etc.)

The Trade Desk does not accept unsolicited resumes from search firm recruiters. Fees will not be paid in the event a candidate submitted by a recruiter without an agreement in place is hired; such resumes will be deemed the sole property of The Trade Desk. The Trade Desk is an equal opportunity employer. All aspects of employment will be based on merit, competence, performance, and business needs. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other status protected under federal, state, or local law

 Experience with data science techniques including mathematical and statistical analyses, modeling and data visualization
. Knowledge of R or Python and SQL

Preferred Qualifications
. Ability to communicate technical concepts and implications to peers, managers, and business partners
. Excellent problem solving and critical thinking abilities
. Strong collaboration and communication skills within and across teams
. A passion to help transform health care

Education
. Currently pursuing a Bachelor's degree with an anticipated graduation date between December 2020 and August 2021
. Preferred/relevant majors include Statistics/Biostatistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Data Science/Health Data Science, Engineering
. 3.3+ cumulative GPA
Experience and passion for finding solutions to real world, applied problems from complex datasets.
. PhD or equivalent in a data science field, including these most commonly: Statistics, Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operations Research, Engineering, and Mathematics.
. Established aptitude for applied research as demonstrated through publications, new research techniques, open source contributions, internship experience, or patents.
. Demonstrated ability to generate new ideas, and develop them from your concept to a solution.
. Demonstrated ability to use software to manipulate data, prototype new tools, and extract actionable insights from that data.
. Capable of presenting outcomes of analytic solutions in a format easily understood by a non-technical audience.
Qualifications - Preferred
. Expertise working with large industrial scale data sets.
. Accomplished programmer with experience in any of R, Python, C/C++, and Java.
. Experience with modern data management and analytic tools (e.g. Hadoop, NoSQL, Tensorflow, Keras, Spark). Work location can be Bedminster, NJ or New York, NY. Qualified candidates will be asked to submit a Research Statement and 3-5 references
. 7+ years of data science experience, ideally within the marketing field
. Strong analytical skills, including analysis and modeling of big data, statistics, A/B testing, and experimental design required
. Have deep understanding of a breadth of modeling techniques (e.g. regression models, causal inference, advanced Bayesian techniques)
. You are an expert in taking vague questions and crystalizing them into impactful experiments or statistical analysis
. Demonstrated success in delivering impactful insights to executives required
. Experience with measurement of traditional media (TV, out of home), digital media (search, display, social) or CRM (email, push notifications) preferred
. Strong SQL skills and advanced programmatic expertise, like R or Python
. Strong data visualization skills (e.g. Tableau) required
. Strong presentation skills (e.g. PowerPoint) required

. Bachelor's degree required, Masters/Ph.D. preferred in a quantitative discipline (e.g., computer science statistics, computational biology, biomedical engineering, and applied mathematics, or similar)
. At least 8 years' experience in pharmaceutical/biotech industry with 5+ years in a consultative role.
. Possesses deep analytical capabilities, with fluency in leading bioinformatics techniques and methodologies
. Demonstrated ability to advise senior level executives, and applies consultative skills including problem definition, consultative listening, hypothesis generation, data analysis, translation to insight, and story-telling for impact.
. Expert knowledge data engineering and modeling complex, unstructured data.
. Fluency in statistical packages/scripting languages such as R/Python SQL
. Passion for data with experience working with large distributed data sets in Hadoop and computing using Hive, Impala, and Spark, graph databases (Neo4J).
. Experienced in and passion for implementation and discovery of new approaches for predictive analytics including machine learning, network analysis, and statistical modeling.
. Maintains intellectual curiosity to identify potential new sources of value to Pfizer
. Ability to communicate complex analysis in a clear and actionable manner through interactive tools such as Tableau, Dataiku Data Science Studio, etc.

Candidate demonstrates a breadth of diverse leadership experiences and capabilities including: the ability to influence and collaborate with peers, develop and coach others, oversee and guide the work of other colleagues to achieve meaningful outcomes and create business impact.

. Develops and/or uses algorithms and statistical predictive models.
. Brings clinical insights to inform predictive models: is comfortable reading academic clinically oriented literature and collaborating with clinical subject matter experts to inform predictive models.
. Performs analyses of structured and unstructured data to solve multiple and/or complex business problems using advanced statistical techniques and mathematical analyses and broad knowledge of the organization and/or industry.
. Collaborates with business partners to understand their problems and goals, develop predictive modeling, statistical analysis, data reports and performance metrics.
. Develops and participates in presentations and consultations to existing and prospective constituents on analytics results and solutions.
. Interacts with internal and external peers and managers to exchange complex information related to areas of specialization.
. Use strong knowledge in algorithms and predictive models to investigate problems, detect patterns and recommend solutions.
. Use strong programming skills to explore, examine and interpret large volumes of data in various forms.
BACKGROUND/EXPERIENCE desired:
. 5 or more years of progressively complex related experience.
. Demonstrates proficiency in most areas of mathematical analysis
. Strong knowledge of advanced analytics tools and languages to analyze large data sets from multiple data sources.
. Anticipates and prevents problems and roadblocks before they occur.
. Demonstrates strong ability to communicate technical concepts and implications to business partners.
. Clinically oriented background or professional experience is a plus.

 BS,MS, or PhD in computer science or a related field, or equivalent work experience
. 15+ years of experience with hands-on, server-side development
. At least 3-5 years' experience developing or deploying ML and AI-based solutions to address industry problems preferably at an enterprise software company.
. Strong background in using ML and AI in delivering value in an enterprise context from conception to finish
. Experience and familiarity with software products for big data, and/or business analytics.
. Experience in building software on cloud platforms such as AWS,Azure or GCP
. Strong leadership and people management skills with a consistent track record in leading successful project, product or business initiatives
. Passionate about team culture with a high emphasis on execution, customer advocacy, and a fun working environment.
. Ability to encourage and drive the team to achieve ambitious goals
. An attitude of driving always-on services, continuous improvement, and efficiency into ongoing standards of operations
. Proactive, driven, and a fast learner with excellent interpersonal skills to articulate the innovation message

Adobe's Digital Experience Business Unit provides solutions that empower businesses to make, manage, measure and monetize online, offline and multichannel business initiatives.
Through the Adobe Experience Cloud which includes our Advertising, Analytics and Marketing Clouds, companies have everything they need to deliver a well-designed, personal and consistent experience to their customers at the right time, regardless of the channel. The Adobe Marketing Cloud offers integrated solutions that help brands connect with customers on a personal level; the Adobe Analytics Cloud is a customer intelligence engine that helps brands move from insights to action; and, the Adobe Advertising Cloud offers the industry's first end-to-end platform that manages advertising for TV and all digital formats.
Take a peek into Adobe life in this video.

You will be expected to bring your machine learning, NLP, NLG, statistical analysis, programming and scripting capabilities, combined with exceptional communication skills. The role will advance our data science and business intelligence capabilities, broaden exposure to analytical toolkits and alternative data assets within the S&P Global Ratings organization and be an active contributor to the S&P Global data scientist community.

Hands-on Leadership Capabilities:

. Drive, collaborate and align with internal stakeholders and our clients to ideate and build solutions in the next generation analytics space.
. Lead a bold agenda around the use of our data assets, both in the traditional and alternative data domains, in new creative ways.
. Promote and teach the use of big data and machine learning tools.
. Engage with various technology and data teams to design the optimal data architecture for a new scale platform and infrastructure to support data and advanced analytics.
Building a strong Data Science team:

. Build, manage, inspire, and coach a high impact data science team to develop quantitative models (predictive, sentiment etc.) using NLP, NLG, machine learning, or data mining techniques to create business value.
. Build a culture of innovation and focus the team to be product-driven
Executing on our Priorities:

. Drive value to the broader business. Develop and communicate goals, strategies, tactics, project plans, timelines, and key performance metrics to align with multiple internal stakeholder departments
. Utilize your knowledge of advanced technologies to develop commercially viable product ideas, to maximize growth, customer value, and internal value for our analysts.
. Deliver data science solutions, including managing and prioritizing data science and business intelligence requests and turning them into clearly defined projects for the team, with well-defined parameters and deliverables.
. Build strong and effective relationships with key stakeholders, and serve as strategic advisor to multiple functional areas across the organization. Builds rapport with senior leaders to achieve departmental objectives.
Experience & Qualifications:

. Strong leader of people and change agent to guide transformation from a data and content organization to a high performing, customer-focused content organization functioning as one team.
. Act as member of the Data and Content Organization Leadership team, working closely with stakeholders across Ratings and the divisions, integrating Ratings into the S&P Global Data strategy, including use of best practices, capabilities and global frameworks
. Place people and culture first in all that we do, using Lean Leadership and Management tools, build an empowered culture and inspiring workplace evidenced through employee engagement surveys and talent-led SMART goal setting
. Lead, mentor, and develop a high performing team of content leaders, with a shared growth mindset, covering all content areas across the company that can deliver content to customers (internal & external) effectively across the end-to-end pipeline
. Master's degree in a quantitative discipline, finance or equivalent experience preferred.
. Detailed knowledge (10+ years) in multiple data domains - familiarity with, and knowledge of financial data assets, as well as application of alternative data assets (such as geo-spatial data, social media, sensor signals, etc.) in advanced analytics.
. Expert theoretical knowledge of machine learning modeling techniques and advanced applied skills in developing predictive targeting models within distributed computing platforms such as Hadoop, AWS, Azure, GCP using tools like Spark, Scala, SAS, R, Python, Bayesia, H2O, Storm, Yarn, Kafka,
. Worked with analytics and visualization tools such as Alteryx, SPSS, Qlik, Tableau, Microstrategy etc. Must be well versed in languages such as SQL, Python, R.
. Proven track record evaluating ideas and developing tests/prototypes to prove out which are most likely to succeed.
. Prior experience developing and managing products, with proven track record for owing the end-to-end business development life cycle for products, taking them successfully from concept to launch and continuous improvement
. Strong understanding of machine learning, statistical and probability analysis, predictive modeling and hypothesis testing.
. Thought leader of data science. Must be skilled at representing S&P Global Ratings in external forums (conferences, industry meetings) as well as at promoting advanced analytics to internal constituents across the enterprise. Must possess cross-cultural sensitivity and be able to work in an international team including managing offshore and outsource resources.
. Ability to translate strategic imperatives at the macro level into specific initiatives and priorities for operational creation and execution.
. Must have good operational skills as well as strategic understanding of business and product requirements.
. Knowledge of financial engineering and quantitative modeling operations, preparation of budgetary plans, operational plans, forecasting activities.
. Thorough knowledge of technology systems; has the ability to work with development teams to ensure on-time, on-budget delivery of effective database technology.
. A thorough understanding of applied statistics including sampling approaches, time series analysis and data mining techniques
. Continuously monitor and keep abreast of tools, methodologies, data, and competitive movement and respond with strategies and tactics to maintain or alter strategy.
Grade: 14 (internal purpose only)
As a Manager of Data Science you will be responsible for defining Button's approach to embedding machine learning within our product, and creating dynamic and personalized experiences for consumers. You'll establish our machine learning process end-to-end, and work with data engineers to refine our platform and how it supports a tight machine learning workflow. You'll determine characteristics of customers, brands, products, and publishers that predict how customers respond to personalized experiences, identify opportunities to leverage these insights with new data-driven experiences, and provide mentorship and technical leadership across the Data and Engineering organizations.
64411 Fundamental Components: Develops, validates and executes algorithms and predictive models to investigate problems, detect patterns and recommend solutions. Explores, examines and interprets large volumes of data in various forms. Performs analyses of structured and unstructured data to solve moderately complex business problems. utilizing advanced statistical techniques and mathematical analyses. Develops data structures and pipelines to organize, collect and standardize data that helps generate insights and addresses reporting needs. Uses data visualization techniques to effectively communicate analytical results and support business decisions. Creates and evaluates the data needs of assigned projects and assures the integrity of the data. Explores existing data and recommends additional sources of data for improvements. Documents projects including business objectives, data gathering and processing, detailed set of results and analytical metrics. Background Experience: Demonstrates good written and verbal communication skills. Able to present information to various audiences.Effectively resolves problems and roadblocks as they occur.Demonstrates proficiency in several areas of data modeling, machine learning algorithms, statistical analysis, data engineering and data visualization.Ability to work with large data sets from multiple data sources.3 years of relevant programming or analytic experience. Masters degree preferred.Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Business Analytics, Economics, Physics, Engineering, or related discipline. Potential Telework Position: No Percent of Travel Required: 0 - 10% EEO Statement: Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer Benefit Eligibility: Benefit eligibility may vary by position. Click here to review the benefits associated with this position. Candidate Privacy Information: Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.

. Obsessed with data, very strong quantitative and analytical muscle
. Passionate about data visualization, can find the best way to distill large amounts of data into a neat visual representation
. Deep understanding of business concepts within strategy, operations, and marketing
. Self-directed, with a bias for action and data-based decision making
. Extraordinary communicator with demonstrated writing, editing and visualization skills
. Have a Bachelor's Degree or a Masters Degree from a top-tier university (math, economics, statistics and/or computer science is preferred) and a record of exceptional academic achievement (minimum GPA of 3.5/4.0)
. Have 1+ years of experience with predictive modeling and statistical analysis techniques in a business environment. Exceptional recent graduates will also be considered.
. Proficient in Tableau and SQL. Python and/or R - a bonus

. Master-s or PhD degree in a quantitative field (statistics, computer science, physics, etc.)
. Minimum of 5-8 years proven business experience and technical expertise in data science
. Experience cleansing and preparing large, complex datasets for analysis
. Expertise applying statistics or machine learning in a professional or other intensive problem-solving environment with large, complex datasets
. Experience with hypothesis testing, clustering, regression & classification, time series analysis, & optimization
. Expertise in statistical programming languages such as R or the Python scientific stack (NumPy, SciPy, scikit-learn, etc.)
. Professional-level expertise in developing, validating, and executing algorithms and models on large scale systems
. Experience with SQL
. Experience with Amazon Web Services (RedShift, S3, EC2, EMR, etc.) and Apache Spark preferred
. Familiarity with data visualization applications, like Tableau or RShiny
. Self-starter with strong analytical, critical thinking, and problem solving skills
. Excellent communication skills -- ability to present complex information in a concise and compelling manner
. Previous management of data science project execution and data scientists
. Prior media or direct-to-consumer industry experience preferred

. 7-10 years of experience with at least 3 of those years as an Analyst/Data Scientist, with a proven record of analysis and research that positively impacts your team.
. Above to include 3+ years of experience building and implementing machine-learned models in industry, ideally dealing with problems relevant to behavior change, community, product, and/or marketing.
. Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Data Analytics, Math, Business Management or related area; Masters Degree desirable.
. Demonstrated outstanding analytical modeling skills.
. Deep knowledge of at least one scripting language (such as Python, bash, ruby) that helps you manage and transform data quickly and effectively, and you are at least familiar with the major machine learning functionality in Python and R.
. Ability to work in text analytics, leveraging natural language processing and can speak to the latest advances.
. Skillfully capable of working with engineers to build an actual production system that uses machine learning and artificial intelligence.
. Comfortable with at least medium data technologies and how to transcend the memory bound nature of most analytics tools.
. Possess excellent SQL/relational algebra skills, ideally with at least a basic knowledge of how different types of databases (e.g.: column vs row storage) work.
. Not afraid to pick up and learn new skills and tools quickly as best befits a problem, whether spinning up a new database type, or learning a new API or statistical modeling technique.
. Intellectually curious and love connecting the dots with different types of data sets.
. Ability to thrive in an environment that is tasked with providing data-driven decision support and business intelligence that is timely, accurate, and actionable.
. Proven track record of strong communication & data presentation skills, including an ability to effectively communicate and influence both business and technical teams.

As a company, our purpose is to inspire healthy habits for real life. And as an employer, we inspire the greatest people to do their best work. We provide benefits for real life to help protect your health, finances and overall well-being, including:
. Competitive compensation and profit-sharing plan
. A 401K plan to help you plan for your future, plus company match
. Health care coverage starting on your first day
. Tuition reimbursement and online courses to help you reach your career aspirations
. Commuter benefits
. Yearly well-being allowance for your physical, financial, social and emotional well-being
. Free WW membership for you plus 3 free WW memberships for your friends and 3 for your family
. Free fruit, snacks and coffee to get you through your day
. Summer Fridays, happy hours, and company outings
. Robust employee referral bonuses
. Developmental opportunities and assignments to grow your career

You should have an academic background in computational journalism, computer science or data science. You should also have knowledge of R and Python. Experience with machine learning and natural language processing using open source libraries, including TensorFlow, Scikit Learn, SpaCy and NLTK, is preferred.

You should have a deep understanding of news media, digital journalism and content strategy, as well as excellent communication and writing skills. You also should have a diverse portfolio of experiments and journalism projects using emerging technology.

. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business Analytics, Mathematics or related field
. Internship or 1 year experience in data management or data analytics field preferred
. Strong analytical skills; ability to manage, manipulate and analyze raw data
. Experience working with tools such as BIDS (Business Intelligence Development Studio), SSMS (SQL Server Management Studio), Tableau, and Excel
. Experience creating and managing SSIS Packages, writing TSQL (views/functions/stored procedures), and programming in Python
. Experience with data modeling, and working with star schema
. Web Application experience (C#.Net, JavaScript, HTML) especially within Azure environment is a plus
. Ability to understand and communicate business requirements from non-technical stakeholders while simultaneously managing their expectations
. Ability to work in a fast-paced environment with a client-centric focus

ABOUT YOU:
. Team player
. Desire to learn and grow every day
. Creative thinker and always looking for better solutions
. Organized and detail oriented
. Good time management skills
. Excellent communication, presentation, and writing skills
. Thrives in a fast paced, constantly changing environment

. 8+ years experience in an analytical role (digital customer analytics, web analytics, consulting)
. Deep understanding of digital channels technologies (web and mobile) and the customers experience while using them
. Expert ability with Adobe, Tealeaf, Clicktale, SQL, Python, or other customer experience management tool
. Excellent analytical skills including problem solving, attention to detail and clear communication of complex results
. Proven ability to work with the processes and technologies of large datasets
. Management Experience: High level people skills (successfully managed a team of analysts) and communication skills (successfully influenced across all levels/functions)
. Deliver insights using creativity, pragmatism and out of the box thinking
. An independent thinker, confident to serve as the voice of the customers
. Proactive approach with hands on / can-do mindset
. Ability to thrive in a global start up work environment
. Travel will be required

At White Ops, we're all hackers. This doesn't mean you have to hold a key to the internet (although one of our founders does!), but it does require approaching problems in unconventional ways. We are attacking criminal botnets through the ad fraud that finances their operations. Our proprietary technology detects and prevents sophisticated online fraud. By reducing the incentives for crime, we are making the internet a better place. Our mighty team of humans have several things in common:
We are hackers.
We create tau for ourselves and each other.
We think big and move fast.
We practice humility.
We "pwn it".
What we do:
We keep the internet safe by fighting organized cybercrime. Our products accurately detect and prevent even the most sophisticated bots and our customers include some of the web's largest and most forward-thinking companies.
The Data Science team at White Ops is building the algorithms that run behind the scenes and power our bot detection engine. We deploy state-of-the-art data science models at a massive scale that distinguish human activity from automated bots.
What you'll do:
Manage a team of data scientists. Grow the team to cover additional needs
Deeply understand emerging threats for the use cases and customers we're protecting
Introduce novel techniques that will help us identify fraudulent activity across different surfaces
Implement best practices for designing, launching, and monitoring statistical and machine learning models in production
Define, track, and measure the roadmap for your team
Work in a cross functional team environment with multiple stakeholders from security research, threat intelligence, engineering, customer success, marketing, sales, etc
Who you are:
Proficiency with SQL and Python or R
Track record of independent, creative problem solving
You've 2+ years of experience managing a team of data scientists or software engineers
Track record of deploying statistical or machine learning models in highly performant environments with large amounts of complex data.
You have a strong sense of pwnership that drives you to find ways to innovate and empower others
You are open, transparent and work in tight collaboration with the rest of White Ops
Knowledge of how the internet works
Knowledge of how web browsers work
Comfort with ad tech terminology is a plus
Background in data science for security is a plus
We understand it takes a diverse team of highly intelligent, passionate, curious, and creative people to solve the challenges involved in protecting the Internet. Our dynamic team of humans have incredible perspectives to share, just as we know you do, and we take great pride in being an equal opportunity workplace.
About White Ops:
Our mission is to protect the internet by verifying the humanity of every online transaction. Founded in 2012 in a Brooklyn sci-fi bookstore, we now serve trillions of monthly decisions for some of the web's largest platforms. Our technology protects digital advertisers, publishers, ad tech, and enterprise businesses globally by detecting and blocking bots. It's an ongoing war that we happily fight every day.
Life at White Ops:
. 2+ years of industry experience, working on data-related initiatives.
. Experience in applying Machine Learning, statistical modeling tools and underlying algorithms, or Classification techniques towards consumer-facing product and tools.
. Proficiency with both Python programming language, and SQL query language.
. Experience with social data or media is a plus.
. Degree in Computer Science/Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Econometrics, or another quantitative field.
. Minimum 3 (5+ preferred) years of relevant experience, particularly in forecasting time series using Python, SQL, Scala, and/or R.
. Experience with feature engineering for machine learning models.
. Knowledge of Google BigQuery and Java/Scala is a plus.
. Comfort operating independently in a fast-paced work environment.

. Bachelor degree in a computational science with 2+ years of post graduate work experience in Machine Learning/Statistics/Data Science, Master degree is preferred;
. Experience with traditional as well as modern machine learning/statistical techniques, including Regression, Classification, Regularization, Ensemble Methods, Deep Neural Network, Causal Inference, and Hypothesis Testing;
. 3+ years experience with programming languages, such as Python, R, Java, C/C++; familiarity with Linux/Unix/Shell environments, Python preferred.
. 3+ years experience in working with large-scale database, experience with AWS products is preferred;
. 2+ years hands-on skills in sourcing, cleaning, manipulating and analyzing large volumes of data;
. Strong written and oral communication skills.
. 2+ years experience in building and maintaining large scale data/machine learning pipelines in online advertising, recommender system, ecommerce or relevant areas;
. Experience leading machine learning/data science projects;
. Experience working with product, sales and other key stakeholders to drive business success.
 Master's Degree or PhD, preferably in computer science, statistics, or other quantitative fields
. 2+ years of experience in applying statistical methods to large data sets and building predictive models
. Preference in participation in data science training, fellowship, or bootcamp programs
. Strong programing skills and data analysis proficiency, such as Python (numpy/pandas/scikit-learn), R, Java, C++, Scala, SQL, Matlab
. Experience with major deep learning libraries (e.g. TensorFlow, Torch, DeepLearning4J, etc.)
. Participation in Kaggle competition or equivalent highly desirable
. Strong communication skills (both verbal and written) and the ability to present findings to a non-technical audience
Main Requirements:
. 4-5+ years of real-world business experience in a data science role
. Hands-on experience building and implementing predictive models using machine learning algorithms
. Strong customer interaction experience
. Strong project management skills
. Excellent organizational, communication, writing and interpersonal skills
. Familiarity with a variety of technical tools for the manipulation of datasets
. Fluency with scripting (Python / R)
. Going onsite to customer locations in New York City and the broader Tristate area. Up to 10% travel outside the Tristate area.

Desired Skills:
. Familiarity with consultative sales process in the analytics marketplace
. Familiarity with Hadoop and related Big Data technologies
. Experience dealing with complex customer organizations
. Deep experience with specific industries (e.g. banking, healthcare, insurance) or specific problem types (e.g. time-series, optimization

As a Data Scientist, you will be expected to:

???Work well in interdisciplinary teams

- Co-create with other Engineers, Designers, business experts, clients, and end-users, working in a fully integrated (vs. siloe-ed) manner

- Have extensive experience working with Software Developers and Engineers

???Demonstrate strong communication skills, i.e.,

- Demonstrate effective written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills

- Communicate the solution, its parameters, its assumptions and its inner workings to audiences who vary widely in their levels of technical fluency and seniority

- Be a self-starter who takes initiative

- Able to work under very little supervision and guidance, to achieve team goals and complete assignments within established time frames

- Be flexible and willing to learn - adapt quickly to new problems and fluid project circumstances

- Contribute to problem solving within a flat team structure; roll-up your sleeves to contribute to all aspects of the solution

??? Demonstrate technical background in computer science, data science, machine learning, artificial intelligence, statistics or other quantitative and computational science:

- Demonstrate professional experience building and delivering data science and statistics based solutions, with an emphasis on creating measurable results and lasting impact, i.e.,

- Demonstrate experience managing the process of building a model, incorporating features, tuning performance, and deploying into production, often working under tight time constraints

- Leverage an 'engineering' mindset and show a willingness to make rapid, pragmatic decisions to improve performance, accelerate progress or magnify impact; recognizing that the 'good' is not the enemy of the 'perfect'

- Demonstrate solid and battle-tested understanding of the standard canon of machine learning practices, including but not limited to:

- Linear and logistic regression

- Decision tree classification and regression

- Neural networks

- Dimensionality reduction

- Clustering

- Bagging, boosting, and other non-parametric methods

- Demonstrate expertise working with and maintaining open source data analysis platforms, including but not limited to:

- Pandas, Scikit-Learn, Matplotlib, TensorFlow, Jupyter and other Python data tools

- Spark, HDFS, Kafka and other high volume data tools

- SQL and NoSQL storage tools, such as MySQL, Postgres, Cassandra, MongoDB and ElasticSearch
A high level of ability in data science languages such as SQL and Python and/or R.
. Some previous experience leading data scientists in developing and adopting shared practice is essential (e.g. building an internal community of practice, contributing to open source)
. 2+ years designing and analyzing online experiments at a tech company
. 2+ years working directly with product or business managers to carry out experiments in order to meet product or business goals (e.g. improving success metrics)
. Ideally you have knowledge of existing best practices (e.g. multiple comparisons, stopping rules, heterogeneous treatment effects, Bayesian tests) and would be able to help drive adoption across Data Scientists at Spotify, collaborating with Experimentation Platform teams to provide infrastructure as needed.
. Formal education in experimentation or causal inference would be considered an advantage

esired candidates should possess the following characteristics:
. Studying for a Master of Science degree in Data Science, Statistics, Applied Math, Computer Science or similar technical discipline
. Experience preparing large data sets from multiple sources. Able to query relational data sets using SQL.
. Strong problem solving skills, and the learning agility to adapt to new challenges
. Self-confidence and communication skills to actively build strong relationships
. A solid foundation in Python programming
. Interest in working in a data science role in the financial services industry
. Ability to work well independently and in a team environment

 Broad and deep quantitative skills, ranging from basic to cutting edge. Use of Python and R is expected.
. Experience with health care data and analytics.
. Ability to self-serve data and work with multiple modern Data Analysis tools & technologies including SQL and Business Intelligence tools.
. Experience with causal inference, experimental design and randomized control trials is preferred.
. You love numbers, and have an orientation to find practical solutions to complex problems
. You like to teach others, have strong communication skills and experience briefing leadership on outcomes and recommendations
. You are flexible and excited to work in a fast-paced environment with evolving needs

"